JAV Preview
===========

# README in Other Languages
[中文]

[中文]: ./docs/readme-in-other-langs/zh.md

---

# Slogan
Preview JAVs, write JS code snippets, and find a [VPN]/[proxy], all in one go!


# Features
- Code editor
  - Autocomplete
    - Fuzzy matching, deviation feedback
  - JS `console.log` online. Batch run
  - Rich text paste preserved (not a "feature", but a convenient use case)
  - [More usages](./docs/ProTips/code-editor.md)
- JAV DVD IDs aggregation search
  - ~~Don't elaborate~~ (because it's shy)
  - Automatic recognition based on rules, batch search and display
  - [Advanced tips](./docs/ProTips/jav.md)
- General search engine
  - Its essence is just a small front-end component,
     search results are pridely provided by the mighty Google, this function needs to install a certain
     Greasemonkey/Tampermonkey script (Open the project website to know what it is)
  - Explicitly search in this mode (i.e. prevent attempts to parse input into JAV identifiers)
     – Just add a colon (`:`) at the end of the input
- Yellow pages
  - Friendship links (Merit-based admission)
  - Advertising categories (***Eager for cooperation***)
    - [VPN]/[Bypass network censorship block][proxy]
       (Strongly welcome. For non-VPN, it is **always free freely open**!)
    - IT
      - Internet of Things, Cloud Computing
      - Blockchain, Cryptocurrency
      - Remote works
    - > ❗ **Advertising fee only accepts the anonymous coin Zcash (ZEC) to pay** ❗
      >
      > 🚫 **Strictly reject** advertisements that contain the following situations:  
      > - **VPN** category: Monitor user behavior or resell user information
      > - **Commodity** category: Proper use still has even minor physical and mental health risks
      > - Those themes violate **modern moral *consensus***

  ## 🏃💨 Come and submit a pull request to [the Yellow Pages file]!
  > Whether to pay and the price and time are ***all up to you***!
    Each ad can be displayed for free for up to a lifetime!
  >
  > Thanks to Git platforms, it makes self-publishing ad entries more open and interesting than ever.
  >
  > Feel free to fill in any HTML source code
    (But please be as short as possible and do not contain malicious scripts).

[VPN]: https://github.com/JAVivid/VPN/discussions
[proxy]: https://github.com/JAVivid/V2X/discussions
[Other categories of advertising]: https://github.com/JAVivid/utm/discussions
[the Yellow Pages file]: ./configs/ADs.js


# Privacy Policy
*Local version* No information is collected at all in any case.

*Online version* does not collect any data other than the following:
- Website visitor traffic statistics and the like
- Page performance report

More specifically, no matter which version,
 the following information is never collected (not to mention uploading):
- Any content in any form entered in any way
- Search/browse history
- Behavioral characteristics (no such code at all)
- Any other information that can be analyzed to identify identity,
   so even "big data" and "desensitized data" do not exist


# FAQ
#### ❓ Where to download the *local version*?
Download this repository directly and it is.

#### ❓ What about mobile devices...?
- What browsers can install **Tampermonkey**?  
  For Android, [Kiwi], [Iceraven] are good choices.
- What local server applications are there?  
  For Android, [MiXplorer], [kWS], [Termux] are good choices.
  > Tip: For MiXplorer, the path entered in the browser address bar must contain `index.html`, i.e. `https://192.168.1.9:8181/dir/index.html`.

[Kiwi]: https://kiwibrowser.com
[Iceraven]: https://github.com/fork-maintainers/iceraven-browser
[MiXplorer]: https://mixplorer.com
[kWS]: https://www.google.com/search?q=kWS+APK
[Termux]: https://termux.com


# License
This program is free software released under the terms of the [Romantic WTF Public License].

[Romantic WTF Public License]: https://github.com/pygy/The-Romantic-WTF-Public-License


# Donations
> Support me with money if you have, or be a stargazer if you don't!~🙏

### Sponsor Popularity
1. I would be very grateful if –
    You can take the initiative to watch some ~~ads~~ in this web app,
    and welcome ***[feedback]*** on what kind of ~~ads~~ you are willing or unwilling to see!
2. I would be even more grateful if –
    You can help the promotion of this project,
    the indirect value generated by each repost will be equivalent to 0.1‱ to 1% Bitcoin!

[feedback]: https://github.com/JAVivid/user-feedback/discussions

### Sponsor Coins
- Bitcoin:  
  bc1q0wx62k2fdzsaznk2s833aknjwmnh099500368u
- Zcash (ZEC):  
  (no need anymore)

### Purposes and Commitment
All bitcoins will be used to purchase cloud computing services such as domain names and servers
 (for hosting and back-end development).